(screaming)
(dance music playing)
I'm gonna kill somebody
if we don't get a drink.
PIPER:
Lead the way.
Hi. Can I get
two vodka Red Bulls?
-Yeah.
-Thank you.
It's sad out there.
You think it's douchelord night
and nobody told us?
You're terrible, you know that?
I'm just telling it like it is.
Like, some people should not
be allowed in public
without a warning label.
Okay, cheers to getting
what we want
but never what we deserve.
To everything in moderation,
especially moderation.
(both laugh)
PIPER:
Only way to save this night
might be to break out
the edibles.
-(sighs)
-Speaking of edibles.
Shit.
Why do guys like that
never come in pairs?
You know what that means.
I saw him first.
All right, just watch yourself.
It's not exactly the safest
world out there right now.
Don't end up on the news.
MAN:
Didn't mean to scare off
your friend.
It's okay. I believe everybody
should be a little scared
now and then.
What about you?
You like getting scared?
I'd rather give than receive.
I believe that.
You gonna tell me your name?
Marci.
I'm Wyatt.
♪ ♪
♪ War, war, war ♪
♪ Battles ♪
♪ Each one I win ♪
♪ Still losing the war ♪
♪ Hunger ♪
♪ I love hunger ♪
♪ All this emptiness ♪
♪ Says I want more... ♪
-(both moaning)
-Oh, yes!
(panting)
That was...
that was a fucking ride.
-MARCI: Yeah.
-(exhales)
All right, cowboy,
time to saddle up.
I'm not a fucking pillow.
Okay, okay.
Jesus.
I guess this is the part
where you ask for my number.
It is?
Then you ask if I want
to see you again,
and then you're texting me
every day, and soon after that,
it's "Why aren't
we getting serious?"
Ooh, boy. I move fast.
You're all the same.
You, my ex, all of you.
You act like you just
want to party, that...
you're out
for a good time, but...
oh, what you really want
is a mark.
(laughs softly)
From the bottom
of my heart, Cowboy,
there is only want one thing
I want from you, just one thing.
Yeah. Here it comes.
Get the fuck out of my car.
(horn honking)
What's your problem?
(tires screech)
Oh, okay, okay.
Go.
Okay, I mean, if you want
to get nasty, let's get nasty.
(horn continues honking)
-(loud thud)
-What the fuck?
(honks)
(tires screeching)
(panting)
Oh, my God.
(tires screech)
(siren wailing in distance)
♪ ♪
CHAZ:
You had to outrun him?
He was just some creep, Chaz.
Probably just drunk.
-What did he look like?
-I don't know.
I didn't get to look at him.
It was way too dark.
So, how do you know
he didn't follow you home?
I'm telling you, I lost him.
If you're really so worried,
then just go check outside.
He's not there.
Have you been checking the news?
People missing from nightclubs.
Maybe there's a serial killer.
It is all over the place.
Maybe you should try
Internet dating for a while.
No way. Internet dating's
a freak show.
Okay, well, then, maybe I should
come out with you at night.
Oh, I-I know that that
is crossing a boundary,
but we don't have
to go together, okay?
We can just be
in the same building.
Just because
you're worried about me
doesn't mean you get
to torch our lives.
I don't want to torch our lives.
I'm just trying to make sure
that you're being safe.
Well, it really just feels like
you want things to be different.
The way that they were.
No. No, no, no. Hey.
No regrets. Okay?
I am in this marriage
with open eyes.
(exhales)
I just want you to be happy.
I don't think
you should cover this.
It's part of you and I love it.
When you say you want me
to be happy, Chaz,
it's like I forced you
into this.
I mean, aren't you?
Aren't I what?
Happy.
Yes. Yes, of course.
But I could be happier.
Okay? I-It's been a while.
And if we don't share anything,
we don't have a relationship,
open or closed or whatever.
Well, we share more
than most people ever do.
Hey.
We could share more.
Okay?
I'm supposed to be
the primary partner,
but sometimes it feels like
I come in second.
I'm sorry, Chaz. I'm...
I'm tired. I want to go to bed.
It's been a crazy night.
Crazy for you, not for me.
(thunder crashes)
(distant clattering)
(dog barking in distance)
♪ ♪
(clattering)
(clanging)
(rain pouring)
(thunder rumbles)
(clanging)
-CHAZ: Hey.
(gasps)
(sighs)
Jesus. Fuck. Chaz.
It's after 3:00. What are--
what are you doing down here?
I came to check the locks.
Thought I heard a noise.
-What'd you hear?
-I... I don't know.
I was sleeping,
so probably just nothing.
You think it's that guy
in the Jeep, don't you?
It's literally nothing.
I thought I heard a noise,
I checked, nobody's here.
Can we just go to bed, please?
♪ ♪
PIPER:
Some guys have a hard time with
the whole open marriage thing.
Like, they try and say
they're okay with it,
but they're really all fucked up
in the head about it.
Well, you know Chaz.
You think he's like that?
Girl, I think
they're all like that.
How long have you guys
been trying this?
-Eight months.
-He's probably just mad
he's not getting
as much action as you.
-Well, he could.
-Check this out.
"A 22-year-old local woman
is missing
"after a night of partying
at the Enigma dance club.
"Police fear her disappearance
may be tied
to other recent disappearances
from clubs in the area."
How does this not
make you think?
The Wrangler
that was following you,
flashing his lights
at you like that,
it's exactly like
the urban legend.
So, this woman is driving home
from work late at night
when suddenly,
this van starts following her.
(horn honking)
It keeps flashing
its high beams at her,
even rams her car.
So, eventually, she outruns him.
So she thinks
it's all over, right?
Except it's not.
It wasn't until she got home
that she realized
the guy flashing his high beams
was trying to warn her.
Her friends found her body
the next day.
And guess where her head was.
If there was a killer
in my back seat,
then he's still there,
because, hello,
I'm alive, and thriving.
You know, this missing guy
looks familiar.
Piper, there is not
a serial killer
or urban legend in the world
that's gonna stop me
from doing my thing.
And you better not even think
about ditching me tonight.
I guess someone's got
to watch your back.
But no more doing guys
in your car, okay?
(moaning)
GIRL:
Yeah.
Fuck.
Fuck me.
How do you fuck me so hard
but you make me feel like
I'm not even here?
-(sighs)
-Practice.
-Mm.
-(grunts)
Sign me up for more of that.
Did you want to go back inside
or do you want to hang out here?
(exhales)
Who's that?
You need to leave.
-Okay. Just hold on, let me...
-Right now.
Yeah, no, I heard you.
-Keep going.
-Jesus. Crazy-ass bitch.
MARCI:
What are you doing here, Piper?
I could ask you the same thing.
You promised me.
I said I wouldn't take a guy
back to my car.
(laughs softly)
Cute.
Just tell me, are you, like,
a sex addict or something?
Is this something you can't
control, or, like, are you...
What? Am I what?
Okay, I'm not a psychiatrist,
but is this you
making up for high school?
'Cause that's, like,
really fucked up.
Oh, my God.
I just want to have some fun.
Am I not allowed
to have some fucking fun?
I'm tired of being ditched.
You're just using me
to get creeps and skanks
out to your car
while you bang away.
And I know I'm supposed
to be supportive and, like,
not judgmental,
but that's really fucking sick.
I can't tell if
you're actually angry at me
-or you're just jealous.
-(laughs)
I'm done. I'm done with you.
That's what I am.
-Good.
-Your husband's right.
-Fuck you, Piper.
-You're a disgusting freak.
MARCI:
Fucking bitch!
♪ ♪
Hey.
Anyone ever tell you
you look a lot like my husband?
Marci. Hey, you're-you're here.
Yeah, I am here. So are you.
What are you doing here?
Well, you told me
to get out more, so I'm out.
I didn't mean to start
following me around.
Jesus, between you and Piper,
I feel like I'm in prison.
I'm not following you around.
Okay? I-I didn't even know
you were gonna be here.
All right? What's up with Piper?
Do not change the subject.
You knew exactly
where I was going tonight.
If we're gonna start
lying to each other now,
-this just isn't gonna work.
-Okay.
All right, fine, fine.
I'm worried about you.
Okay? I'm-I'm watching out
for you.
That's what I'm doing.
It's called being your husband.
I'm not having
this conversation here.
This is not the time or place.
I came here to be free,
to have fun.
I can't do either
of those things
if you're standing around
like a fucking chaperone.
So do I leave or do you?
♪ ♪
(distant chatter, laughter)
WOMAN 2:
Come on! Let's go!
WOMAN: Shit, I have to go.
I'll call you later.
MAN:
No, I'll call you.
(engine starts)
MARCI:
7...
1-1-8-8-X-9.
7-1-1-8...
8-X-9.
-Shit.
-(tires screeching)
CHAZ:
I don't want to do this.
I tried to tell myself
that I was okay with it,
that it didn't matter what
you were doing with other people
as long as I was number one,
but I'm not number one.
I'm just some guy
that you share a mortgage with.
-That's not true.
-Come on.
We said no lying.
I just have something
inside of me
that's always hungry.
And I can't stop.
And I can't keep going this way.
So what do you want to do?
I got to think about it.
Maybe I get an apartment, we...
spend some time alone,
-see where we come out.
-(computer chimes)
Chaz?
That's you.
So that's where you work.
There you are.
(quiet chatter)
(gentle music playing)
(entry bells jingle)
WINOWSKI:
Hi.
-Can I help you?
-Hi.
Um, I'm looking
for a new cutlery set.
Cutlery.
You came at the perfect time,
because we're having
a sale on cutlery.
This one here-- ooh-- 50% off.
Recommended by the Food Network.
High-carbon stainless steel.
She is a beaut.
-Is that good?
-Oh, yeah, it's the best.
And it's functional.
If I were on the market
for another set,
this would absolutely be
the one I would get.
In fact, I have one of these
bad boys at my house.
Oh.
Try it.
You feel how
there's a nice balance
between the handle
and the blade?
A good knife should
feel like an extension
of one's hand.
I never thought about it,
uh, like that.
I'm not much of a chef.
No?
Well, if you don't use it
for cooking...
...you can always use it
to get rid of your boyfriend.
(tongue clicks, chuckles)
I don't have a boyfriend.
How's that possible?
I have a husband.
Ah. Well, that's
a disappointment for me.
Well, this would work
on your husband.
Is there anything else
I can help you with?
No. Mm-mm. I-I've seen enough.
I'm gonna be late for work.
Thank you.
Well, if you decide
to come back,
I'm here till 7:00.
My name's Paul.
(engine stops)
(dog barking in distance)
♪ ♪
(door opens)
(shower running)
(shower continues running)
♪ ♪
(door creaking)
(panting)
(faucet squeaks)
(water stops running)
(shower door opens)
(phone unlocks)
(phone thuds)
(hangers rattle)
(Winowski humming)
-(keys clinking)
-(Winowski muttering)
(door opens, closes)
Hey!
What are you doing in my house?
You swing at me with that,
you better not miss.
Wait, I know you.
You were at the store today,
asking about knives.
Yeah, you didn't lie to me.
You do own these.
Yeah.
I'm gonna ask one more time.
Uh, what are--
what are you doing in my house?
The other night,
the Nirvana club,
I was driving home
and you came up behind me,
you kept flashing your
high beams at me over and over,
and then you ran into me.
-Why?
-Holy shit, that was you?
Yes, and you freaked me out.
-How did you even find me?
-What does it matter?
I told you why I came here,
so just...
just tell me
why you were following me.
I was trying to help you.
By ramming into me?
How? How is that helping me?
I needed to warn you.
Warn me about what?
(engine starts)
(tires screech)
WINOWSKI:
Take your time, beautiful.
What the fuck?
-Shit. Come on, man.
-(horn honking)
Come on, guy. Move.
Fucking move.
-(tires screech)
-Shit.
That's why you were flashing me?
You thought you saw someone
in my back seat?
No, no, no, I didn't think I saw
someone, I know I saw someone.
And with the newspapers talking
about a possible serial killer
on the loose,
I thought you might be next.
Oh, shit. Lady.
Fucking look at me.
-(horn honking)
-Come on.
Shit.
Fuck.
Come on.
-(loud thud)
-Sorry...
-(tires screeching)
-Shit.
Fuck.
Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck.
I don't know where you went.
You just disappeared,
you were gone.
-I was behind the car wash.
-Damn.
I must have drove around
for 30 minutes.
I even called the cops,
but I didn't have
anything to tell them
that they could act on,
because I didn't get
your license plate.
Well, I got yours.
Wait, does this mean,
last night,
-that that was you following me?
-Yeah.
Who did you think it was?
I thought it might've
been the killer.
I thought that
he must've killed you
and took your car,
that he'd come for me.
Wow, you've got one hell of
an imagination, you know that?
But as you can see,
I'm not dead,
so, I mean,
whoever you thought
you saw in my back seat
wasn't a serial killer.
Yeah, that doesn't
make any sense.
Well, maybe you didn't see
what you thought you saw.
I mean, I should thank you.
-Thank me?
-Yeah.
You did try and save me.
And not a lot of people
put their neck out like that.
Not in today's world.
Yeah. Are you sure that there
was no one else in your car?
I think I would've noticed
something like that.
(laughs softly)
Wow, this is, like,
such a funny story, how we met.
And now I know where you live...
...and you know who I am,
so maybe we could get together.
I actually don't know your name.
My name's Marci.
What the fuck?
What'd you do to me?
-Night, night.
-You fucking crazy bitch.
-Fucking kill you...
-(gasps)
Fucking bitch.
-Fuck you...
-(grunting)
Fucking bitch.
I tried to fucking help you.
(gasps)
(coughing)
-Are you okay?
-(gasping)
-What are you doing here?
-Don't be mad.
-Oh, my God.
-I'm-I'm still following you.
Okay? I-I...
I can't help it, Marci.
I worry about you.
I told you, you need
to start using
something stronger.
This stuff takes too long.
Okay. There.
Still sore?
A little, but I think
the Advil's kicking in.
Are you sure you don't want
to lay down for a while?
I can keep an eye on your guest.
No, I feel better when I work.
I don't deserve you.
I found an apartment
in the city.
I can move in
as soon as tomorrow.
Let me know when you're done
and I'll help you finish up
one last time.
♪ ♪
-(grunting)
-Oh, you're awake.
A little bruising,
but nothing makeup can't hide.
Actually,
it was kind of exciting.
I didn't know I was one of those
girls who like to be choked,
so thanks for opening up
that door.
You're probably wondering
what's going to happen to you.
Don't worry.
I'm going to tell you.
I like all my guests to know
exactly what's going
to happen to them.
You get more out of it.
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo,
doo, doo, doo, doo, doo... ♪
Too bad your luck
isn't as good as your eyesight,
because you were right.
There was someone
in my back seat, but...
he wasn't a killer,
he was a victim.
My sixth, to be exact.
The media hasn't caught up yet,
but that's okay,
'cause some people
just aren't missed.
I'm not doing this
for the likes,
I am doing this
as a public service.
I am ridding the world
of entitled assholes
who think they're all that.
And now, they're all buried
in my wine cellar,
including that waste of space
that you saw in my back seat.
Although he was a real prize.
Textbook misogynist.
From the bottom
of my heart, Cowboy,
there is just one thing
I want from you.
-Just one thing.
-Yeah. Here it comes.
Get the fuck out of my car.
-Fuck you, then.
-MARCI: Dihydroetorphine.
This, vets use to paralyze
large animals.
-(handle clicks)
-What the fuck is wrong
with this thing?
I must have the child lock on.
Although it can be tricky
at times,
it's hard to get
the right exact dose,
because you have to do it
in the neck
so it goes
straight to the brain.
Even then, sometimes it works
fast, sometimes it works slow.
Sometimes, it doesn't seem
to work at all.
Can you just stay the fuck down?
And then...
you show up.
And now I've got a problem,
because I have this guy
-in my back seat...
-(horn honking)
Stay the fuck down
or I'll kill you in this car
right fucking now.
...and I've a Good Samaritan
flashing his lights,
-ramming me.
-(loud thud)
(muffled shout)
By the way, you caused
$700 damage to my car.
(muffled scream)
But that's besides the point.
The point is,
I got my shit together.
You almost ruined everything.
You almost ruined
the one reason I have
for being on this Earth...
...the species of you
that made my life
an endless shit-fest.
Do you know what it's like
going through high school
with this on your face?
And there were so many people,
so many people
that made fun of me.
And who joined in?
People like you.
Winners.
Top of the food chain
type of people.
You led the charge
and you kept me in hell.
WINOWSKI:
Uh-uh.
(muffled grunting)
No, no, no, no.
(screams)
You want to know
how I got out of it?
How I came out
on the other side?
'Cause I found the right partner
who always was there for me,
knew exactly how I felt.
It's... the most important
thing, it's everything.
(whimpering)
(muffled shout)
Nice balance.
A good knife should feel like
an extension of your hand.
Anyways, you're in luck tonight,
Mr. Good Samaritan.
because usually,
I'd work on you for a while,
but my throat hurts,
thanks to you,
so I'm just gonna skip
right to the end.
Plus, it's my husband's job
to bury you,
and he's earned himself
an early night.
This is wrong.
This is all wrong.
It's just been...
It's been wrong for a while.
Don't go anywhere.
CHAZ:
That was fast.
I'll be right down.
You're gonna have to start
thinking about using
the backyard, you know,
'cause the cellar's
getting pretty full.
Chaz, I-I want to start over.
Start over?
I'm serious.
I don't, I don't want to do this
anymore without you.
I want you to come with me,
I want you to do more
than just bury the bodies.
That's a big step.
I know. It's okay.
I can help you.
And it can be something
we can share.
-How can I say no?
-(laughs softly)
And I think I know the perfect
person to start with.
(muffled screams)
Okay.
Let's do this.
I love you.
-I love you, too.
-(muffled scream)
(muffled screaming)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH